---
description: >-
  We're a GNU & Linux company. More than that, we are proud members of the
  Community and contribute back to it.
dateModified: '2016-08-22T02:59:20.392Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-22T03:03:18.486Z'
title: About us
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-22-about-us.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
# About us

## **Philosophy**

We're a GNU & Linux company. More than that, we are proud members of the Community and contribute back to it.

We support the Fedora Project; with sporadic collaborations with the Funtoo, Gentoo and Arch Linux communities.

Our contributions:

* Bug reports
* Package maintenance
* Documentation
* Support through their channels (IRC, Forum, Ask, etc)

We truly believe that FOSS is the only software that we should use. Closed source software, a.k.a. proprietary software, is a black box. You have no guarantees on what it does nor how it works. You just have to trust the author and that is a compromise we're not taking; nor we recommend you take.

FOSS is the only viable option for Government, Business or Personal use.

## **Methods**

We know our systems.

We know there are many ways of doing things. Some of those ways work against the system you're using. This is why we strive to learn the ways of our systems and leverage from the work already done by the Community members.

Everything should not "just work"; but work in a secure, optimum manner. "Just works" is a paradigm that facilitates configuration but, in the end, it's too general and security compromises are made in order to simplify and speed up configuration.

We know better than this. We configure your apps to work; in the most secure, optimized and integrated way possible.

Documentation is very important. We document using FOSS tools; delivering documentation in the most useful way to you. We use Git as much as possible; this way, you know what was done, when and who did it.

We are all about Community, transparency and adequate implementation.

## **Commitments**

* We reuse our experience; not our code or implementations.
* We are as transparent as possible.
* We like win/win deals. We do not take advantage.
* We value loyalty; we offer it.
* We win your respect; we don't demand it.